feat: add "dormant" user state (#8644)
coder/coder: docs/admin/users.md

In low-trust environments, we do not recommend giving users direct access to edit templates. Instead, use [CI/CD pipelines to update templates](../templates/change-management.md) with proper security scans and code reviews in place.

## User status

Coder user accounts can have different status types: active, dormant, and suspended.

### Active user

An _active_ user account in Coder is the default and desired state for all users. When a user's account is marked as _active_, they have complete access to the Coder platform
and can utilize all of its features and functionalities without any limitations. Active users can access workspaces, templates, and interact with Coder using CLI.

### Dormant user

> A user account is set to _dormant_ status when the user has not yet logged in or been active on the Coder platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user account is set to _dormant_ status when the user has not yet logged in, or has not logged into the Coder platform for the past 90 days.
```

Author: Done!
